Lin Wenli, your level is already very high now.
No more training
Why should I go?
Teacher Yan asked me to study here
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
You have even learned the superhuman rights of teachers
You were amazing.
What are you learning?
Coach Liu, I think Lin Wenli's super human rights
Did you learn it secretly?
Yes, you are a thief.
You should let law enforcement take you away
Let law enforcement take him away
That's cheap, this small construction seed
Should make his clothes glow one by one
Try for three days
I didn't steal
Lin Wenli, you are a bastard without a father or mother
Dare to steal superhuman rights
You are so cheap
Yan scum
You've been defeated by me and you're still being stubborn, aren't you?
Okay, you win scum
Dare to fight with me
I'm not interested in playing
I think you are cowardly
It's your fortune to have a fight with Coach Liu
Don't dare to fight, right?
Go and lick your dirty floor for me
I kind of know
You little building
Show patience while the teacher is around
Come out and show off
In my eyes
You are not even as good as an ant
Hmm, whatever you want
I'm not interested.
Wait, if you want to get out of this door today
Either win me or go out on your stomach and fight